Okay, So what kind of sailors supposed problems? Just, you know, if if
there was a magic, you know, class glasses that you put on C b great.
Made a lot of money, saw that one there isn't necessarily so can
identify, or you're gonna find him. One of things about that is you
wanna be careful with your time This time is the one thing that we have
very little off. If you wind up, try to spend 90% of your time on
10% of your problem Children. Okay, What about the other 90% that
are good? So this is the balance that you're wrong. I have to come up
with as a leader. Treat Everyone fairly goes about saying, treat them
fair. But if the troublemakers are out there, just how much say
ignore them. But be careful about the rest of the unit arrested with
division. Because if you wind up spending 90% every time for the one
percenters, you're going to lose the rest of the nation. So that's
hardly work at balance. But it will pay off